In this exercise,
we're going to explore Angular Scope, and
how we make use of Scope within
our Angular application.
We'll also look at the ngShow
Angular directive in this exercise.
When we use the Angular Scope
within our JavaScript code,
we need to make sure that the uglify task
does not end up mangling up the Scope.
So, to help us preserve that,
we take the help off in
ngAnnotate gulp plugin.
The gulp plugin is
called gulp-ng-annotate.
So, I'm gonna install this gulp plugin,
and then,
include the gulp plugin
into the gulp file.
So, that when we run gulp on our project,
and then,
build the distribution,
it'll not end up causing problems
in the uglify, and
concatenated JavaScript code.
At the command prompt, type in npm
install gulp-ng-annotate save dev.
And once that is installed, then,
the ng-annotate gulp plugin
is available for us.
Now, if we move to our gulp file,
and then,
we are going to to include
the ng-annotate plugin here.
So, first I'll do the require for
the ng-annotate.
So here, I have included the ngannotate,
using require.
Next, I need to update the usemin
task definition, below.
So that it will make sure
that the ngannotate runs
before the uglify for JavaScript.
So, for the JavaScript part of usemin,
I have added in the ngannotate, and
with this will save the gulp file.
And then, now the gulp file is ready for
use with Angular Scope,
if we make use of it within our code.
Next, we will update the Controller
code in app.js to use Scope.
So, let me introduce the Scope
into the Controller.
Another thing that we need to note,
is that by convention,
in Angular, the Controller names
always start with a capital letter.
In the earlier examples, I used small
letter for the menu Controller, so
let me correct that before
somebody starts complaining that
you're not teaching Angular the right way.
You don't know diddly squat about Angular,
peace.
Let me go ahead, and make change to
the menu Controller to capital M.
Now, in addition, we need to introduce
the scope in front of the function here.
Like that.
So, the left square bracket, and
scope within quotes and a comma.
This is the normal way you specify
the use of scope within the Controller.
So ,you see that we have the left square
bracket, scope within brackets, function.
And then, inside the function
the parameter is specified as scope.
Now, they need to close
off this square bracket,
that will go at the bottom
of the controls.
Right at the bottom of the controller code
I have entered close off square bracket.
Returning now, within the code I am going
to replace all the dish words by scope.
So, let me go through the code,
step by step, and then,
replace every one of them with the scope.
Once you have completed
replacing the dish,
throughout this file with the scope.
There was a statement here saying
this dish is equal to dishes.
Remove that statement,
we no longer need that,
because we all ready attached
the dishes object to the scope here.
With this update,
the update of the JavaScript
code inside the app.js file is complete.
Let me go, and
make the changes to the menu or.HTML file.
Moving to the menu.html file.
Here, I no longer need to use
the menu controller alias here.
So, I'm going to remove
the manual controller alias
from the NG controller attribute here.
Before I make the change, let me change
the name of the menu controller.
To capital M.
And then, after that I'm going to
remove the alias for a minute.
The controller because
I no longer need it.
I will access all the items
from the scope directly.
All the variables from the scope directly.
So, within the code, wherever I am using
menuCtrl I'm going to delete that part.
So, as you go through the code.
Called step by step.
Now, you noticed that we have
the menu controller there.
I'm going to remove that.
The similarly the menu controller there
I'm going to remove that And so on.
We'll keep doing that until we
remove that M menu ctrl from
the remaining parts of the code.
This is no longer needed for us,
because all of these variables
are directly attached, and the functions
are directly attached to the scope.
So, I can refer to them, directly,
by their names inside my HTML.
Cooked Same thing.
The dishes here, for the filter also,
I am removing that part.
Let me go ahead and save.
The changes.
And then,
we'll have a look at the page now.
Now, this webpage has now been modified
completely to use the angular scope.
Now, going back to our webpage, you don't
notice any difference in the webpage.
It is gonna look exactly
the same as before.
[INAUDIBLE] So there is no change
in the functionality itself,
the page operates just like before.
Next, I'm going to make use of the.
In this short directive that
is available in Angular.
For this webpage, I'm going to introduce
a button here called Show Details button.
The way this button works, now you
notice that in this updated webpage,
the descriptions of all
the menu items are hidden.
If I click on the Show Details button,
the descriptions are gonna be shown.
Again, note that the button, itself, has
changed from Show Details to Hide Details.
When I didn't click on the button,
the description is hidden, and the button,
itself, is changed to Show Details.
One more time,
Hide Details and Show Details.
This is the behaviour that
I want to implement next.
Going back to menu.html, I'm going to
introduce a button right
before these tabs here.
This button, as you can see,
I have introduced it with
an ng-click="toggleDetails()"
function here.
I'm going to talk about
that in a short while.
This is a standard button that
is styled using bootstrap.
And then, there end,
the close of the button tag.
Now, how am I going to
make use of this button?
Now, when this button is
present on the webpage,
when the button is shown,
it'll show the button as at showDetails.
Now, if I click on the button then,
it is going to show
the complete description
of all the dishes.
And then, the button will
itself change to Hide Details.
Now, when I click on the button again,
it will hide all the description
of various dishes.
And then, the button itself
will change to showDetails.
Now, let me briefly talk about
how I implement this here.
Now, this ng-click with this function,
toggleDetails in here.
Obviously, this means that I must
implement this toggleDetails function
in my menu controller.
It will go to the app.js File, and then,
update the JavaScript code there to
implement this function later on.
The next part that you see me
using here is an expression,
an angular expression here, in which I
am saying showDetails in camel case.
Now, what this means is that
this must be a JavaScript
variable that I am using
inside my controller.
So, I am making use of
a JavaScript variable here.
Here, I am saying that with a question
mark, and then, I give two strings here.
Now, if show details is true then,
this expression will
evaluate to hide details,
so the button will show this as
the string inside the button.
Now, if show details is equal to false,
then,
that means that the details
have been hidden from the menu
items then, the button should
show details on the button.
So, that's why I am specifying these
two as as the two possibilities.
So, I am using the show details JavaScript
variable, and then, creating that if it
evaluates to true, this will be the string
that is displayed in the button.
If it evaluates to false,
this would be the string that
would be displayed in the button.
Now, how do I make use
of this showDetails?
Now, this is where I take the help
of the ng-show angular directive.
Now, going down to the list of menu items,
you'll note that this
tag is the one that is
showing the description of the dish.
Now when there show details
available is set to false,
I want to hide verse
description when the show
details value is set to true,
I want to show this item.
Now, this is where I'm gonna take
the help of the ng-show directive.
Let me update the code, and then,
explain to you what it does.
So, I have introduced
the ng-show directive here.
For the ng-show directive, the value that
I'm specifying here is "showdetails".
Now, what this means is that
this ng-show directive, if this
expression evaluates to true then,
this p tag,
whatever is inside this p tag,
will be shown.
If this expression evaluates to false,
whatever's inside this
p tag will be hidden.
So, that's how the NG
show directive models.
There is a counter part to the ng-show
directive called ng-hide directive.
You can also also use the ng-hide
directive for the same purpose.
If I use the ng-hide directive then,
the variable that I will use,
will be if the variable is true then,
the content of the p tag will be hidden,
if the variable is false then,
the content of the p tag will be shown.
So, that is the use of ng-hide directive,
in this example I am using
the ng-show directive.
So, that's why when show details
is equal to true, the content.
The description will be shown.
When showDetail is equal to false,
the description will be hidden.
Now, let's go and update.
The JavaScript code.
Switching to the JavaScript
code in app.js,
I'm going to now update
the MenuController.
First, I will need to
introduce this JavaScript
variable called ShowDetails, and
I'll hang in onto the scope.
So, by default at the start, I will
set showDetails to false, which means
when the page is loaded the description
of all the menu new items will be hidden.
Now, when the user
clicks on the showDetails button,
then I want to be able to show the items.
So, I will introduce this function
here called Toggle Details function.
So, let's go to the lower
part of this code.
Now here, I'm going to introduce
this toggleDetails function, here.
So, let me add the code, here.
So, this toggleDetails function,
as you can.
Again, look at how we define
the toggle details function.
I am touching this to this scope, and
then, I am declaring this function.
Inside the toggle details function,
whenever this function is called,
whatever the value of showDetails is,
it will be inverted.
So, if showDetails starts out to be false,
then,
when this function is executed,
showDetails will be set to true.
If showDetails is true,
then it will be set to false.
So, with this change,
I have completed the update of both
the HTML code, and the JavaScript code.
Let's go and look at our the pitch.
Returning to our web page, you can
now notice at the top right corner,
there is a button called showDetails.
Let's click on the button.
When you click on the button,
you can immediately notice that
the description of the dishes is shown.
Again, clicking on the button,
the description of the dishes is hidden.
Now, this behavior will be
exhibited in all the tabs.
This completes,
this exercise on using angular scope.
In this exercise,
you have looked at angular scope.
How we introduced the scope
in to a JavaScript code.
And how we need to update our HTML code.
With the use of the scope,
we also examine the ng-show
directive,and used it in order to show,
and hide details of our
dishes in the menu.